\section{Future work}
This project, as we said before, is a proof of concept and it could only gives
an indication of how much information yuo cold retrieve. A simple improvement
is to re-launch out program using premium keys (in particular for Twitter) and
searching for other altcoins that we have not considered. Another possible
improvement will be to increase the number of websites in which \texttt{Nduja}
makes its research: cryptocurrency dedicated foruums or other social network,
e.g. Reddit, in which there is a section dedicated to this topic. Other
improvements are related to data ``reading''(TODO find out right word): an
important possibility could be performing some analysis on account related to
addresses to discover, if possible, related account on other social networks 
citazione -> chiedere Anna). Another possible improvement is to (prevedere)
some sort of more sofisticated sort of pre-processing in order to discover as
much services as possible, grouping all addresses used from the same addresses
in a single cluster. This could speed-up research, discarding a priori a huge
amount of wallets. A possible related future work is profiling user and
transaction: once the graph is created it is possible to studi vertexes,
diclosing possible remuneration profiling (as described in~\cite{fullDiscl}) or
profiling people associte with clusters. A simple example could be this: if
some user donate some money to a open source project, probably she use it and
if the project has some peculiarities you could infer some information on the
donating person
